hey it's me Destin welcome back to
smarter every day so I was challenged by
Grant Thompson to do the ice bucket
challenge and I want to do a video
that's smart it teaches you something
that's fun to watch it's something that
actually ends up giving a lot of money
to the ALS research cause we've got this
dry ice because that's what grande did
we're going to put dry ice here in the
in the bucket we've got a fan I'm
learning about a thousand frames per
second this is a good idea no it's not a
good idea
are you ready go trigger okay so there
we go a list does affect your ability to
react probably won't do this now
here we go richer yes funny daddy's wet
okay my part is now done time for a
little pseudoscience just for fun what
we're going to do is test the reaction
time of four different animals as you
know ALS affects the ability of nerves
to fire muscles so we're going to remove
the ice so there's no danger to the
animals at all
just put just a little bit of water in
there so we can just startle them maybe
splash beside them and see which one's
reacting the fastest this should be
pretty fun if they get different water
yeah go put water in it first animal up
but do your old son
c'mere buckshot and that food good she
doesn't care
okay now we're gonna test an old cat
very good old cat okay let's compare
okay in the end I hope you realized that
this was an educational video and you
learned something about a mile traffic
lateral sclerosis or ALS Lou Gehrig's
disease I was entertaining I had fun I
hope you did too
number three I hope you recognize that
we're going to convert whisker shaving
to scientific research to help people
okay this time we're gonna let it get
really really cold with a dry ice before
we drop it so while we're doing that let
me explain to you how I'm actually going
to donate to ALS research I was
listening to my favorite podcast hello
Internet when my friend Brady didn't add
for this which is Harry's razors it's a
really cool razor subscription service
that I use
after I listen to them on hello Internet
talk about it I really like it and I've
taken it all over the world with me so
if you're interested in supporting
smarter every day go to harrys.com and
you get subscription razors like this
just do that that one falls off you get
another one you're good to go it's
really awesome I really like it use the
promo code smarter they'll give you five
dollars off I'm gonna use this money to
help me donate to ALS this should be
cold now let's do it on it here we go
all right there you go if you're
interested go to harrys.com and use the
promo code smarter if I recommend it to
you and you do it we can convert whisker
shaving into scientific research which
is pretty cool by all means don't let it
stop you from donating straight up to
ALS research however I like the product
and if that gets more money into ALS
research I'm all about it so if you're
interested go to harrys.com use the
promo code smarter and you'll get a
discount and i'll get credit for doing
it maybe in the future they'll sponsor
me and I can use it for other stuff but
for now Harry's calm promo code smarter
I'm Destin you're getting smarter every
day have a good one